Boot time is super fast, around anywhere from 35 seconds to 1 minute.
It's fast, light, and simple to use.
Sure it's not light and slim but the features make up for it 100%.
I am pleased with the fast log on, speedy WiFi connection and the long battery life (>6 hrs).
Luckily, for all of us contemplating the decision, the Mac Mini is priced just right.
Super light, super sexy and everything just works.
Strong build though which really adds to its durability.
I've had my computer for 2 weeks already and it works perfectly.
I know Apples are more expensive than PCs, but he thinks it is worth every penny.
They don't just look good; they deliver excellent performance.
With no problems,  I'm happy with this purchase because I saved money compared to buying it anywhere else.
an engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller . 
it's easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs , but westbrook's foundation and dalrymple's film earn their uplift . 
mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency . 
there's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence . 
a brutal and funny work . nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy doesn't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully . 
the film is a blunt indictment , part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity . 
one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie . 
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel . 
the kind of trifle that date nights were invented for . 
 . it's a testament to the film's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries . there's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls . . . 
tells ( the story ) with such atmospheric ballast that shrugging off the plot's persnickety problems is simply a matter of ( being ) in a shrugging mood . 
the film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor . 
if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it--the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you're one of the lucky few who sought it out . 
what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice . promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents' anguish . 
meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment . 
hey , happy ! is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it's a love story as sanguine as its title . 
you won't look at religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way again . 
at its best . . . festival in cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in cannes . 
there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that's hard to resist . 
a lovably old-school hollywood confection . 
i'm happy to have seen it -- not as an alternate version , but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes . 
by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best . 
the warnings to resist temptation in this film . . . are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean . 
wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message . 
a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that's so prevalent on the rock . 
peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments . 
i'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls
with the prospect of films like kangaroo jack about to burst across america's winter movie screens it's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative . 
the wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic . 
like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end . 
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success . 
unpretentious , charming , quirky , original
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but " spider-man " certainly delivers the goods . 
other than the slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale , everything else is top shelf . 
this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful . 
manages to delight without much of a story . 
there's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him . 
i have a confession to make : i didn't particularly like e . t . the first time i saw it as a young boy . that is because - damn it ! - i also wanted a little alien as a friend ! 
fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm . 
a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives . 
though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation . 
an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it isn't . 
a violent initiation rite for the audience , as much as it is for angelique , the [opening] dance guarantees karmen's enthronement among the cinema's memorable women . 
an animation landmark as monumental as disney's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs . 
an entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller . 
sex with strangers is fascinating . . . 
a subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad . 
a wry , affectionate delight . 
the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons . 
one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature . 
a penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic . 
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie . and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film's lamer instincts are in the saddle . 
paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks . 
less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself . 
waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it . 
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , but thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments . 
if borstal boy isn't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece . 
often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part . 
the script's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis , but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off . 
maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment . 
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style . 
although i didn't hate this one , it's not very good either . it can be safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter . 
another best of the year selection . 
the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years . 
it's a very valuable film . . . 
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve . . . as far as art is concerned , it's mission accomplished . 
literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds . 
here polanski looks back on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably . 
intriguing and stylish . 
the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it's as if it all happened only yesterday . 
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds . 
with " ichi the killer " , takashi miike , japan's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman . . . 
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it's a heck of a ride . samuel l . jackson is one of the best actors there is . 
[breheny's] lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people . 
an almost unbearably morbid love story . 
the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate . 
a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself . 
spielberg's realization of a near-future america is masterful . this makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever . 
the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon . 
the best film of the year 2002 . 
an enthralling , entertaining feature . 
stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection . 
a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point . 
all in all , brown sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that's both charming and well acted . it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face . 
smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise . 
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli . . . ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up . 
an older cad instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy . 
 " austin powers in goldmember " has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end . 
one of [jaglom's] better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love . 
schaeffer isn't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does . 
a fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles . 
although estela bravo's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro , it's still a guilty pleasure to watch . 
surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it . 
the way home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and . . . often misconstrued as weakness . 
brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate . 
if you can read the subtitles ( the opera is sung in italian ) and you like 'masterpiece theatre' type costumes , you'll enjoy this movie . 
a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro . 
gangster no . 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults . 
this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare . 
has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be . 
with its jerky hand-held camera and documentary feel , bloody sunday is a sobering recount of a very bleak day in derry . 
you will likely prefer to keep on watching . 
insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion . but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through . 
what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point . 
at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had , godfrey reggio's career shines like a lonely beacon . 
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds . 
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior ) , but it feels like unrealized potential
it's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all . 
performances are potent , and the women's stories are ably intercut and involving . 
an enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar . 
lan yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery . 
your children will be occupied for 72 minutes . 
pull[s] off the rare trick of recreating not only the look of a certain era , but also the feel . 
twohy's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels . 
'tobey maguire is a poster boy for the geek generation . '
 . . . a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life's endgame . 
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly . . . 
road to perdition does display greatness , and it's worth seeing . but it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it's won . 
a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child . 
arliss howard's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws . 
critics need a good laugh , too , and this too-extreme-for-tv rendition of the notorious mtv show delivers the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods in steaming , visceral heaps . 
what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is . 
many insightful moments . 
the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film's problems . 
a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior . 
a tour de force of modern cinema . 
peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience . 
the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy . 
without resorting to camp or parody , haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange . 
the performances are an absolute joy . 
a quasi-documentary by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music . 
grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect . 
a sensitive and astute first feature by anne-sophie birot . 
both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ? may prove to be [tsai's] masterpiece . 
mazel tov to a film about a family's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage . 
standing in the shadows of motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow . 
it's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and chaykin and headly are priceless . 
provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all . 
