tech support would not fix the problem unless I bought your plan for $150 plus.
Did not enjoy the new Windows 8 and touchscreen functions.
The Apple engineers have not yet discovered the delete key.
Made interneting (part of my business) very difficult to maintain.
Only problem that I had was that the track pad was not very good for me, I only had a problem once or twice with it, But probably my computer was a bit defective.
This laptop has only 2 USB ports, and they are both on the same side.
I would have given it 5 starts was it not for the fact that it had Windows 8.
But the performance of Mac Mini is a huge disappointment.
Once you get past learning how to use the poorly designed Windows 8 Set-Up you may feel frustrated.
an awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers . 
…the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid . 
the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary . 
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message . 
a very familiar tale , one that's been told by countless filmmakers about italian- , chinese- , irish- , latin- , indian- , russian- and other hyphenate american young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages . 
one key problem with these ardently christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out . 
essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action flick . 
[hell is] looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara isn't even halfway through . 
too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community . 
leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances . 
 . . . a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable . 
swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell . 
the histrionic muse still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch . 
you have no affinity for most of the characters . nothing about them is attractive . what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom . 
diaz , applegate , blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused . 
a technically well-made suspenser . . . but its abrupt drop in iq points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide . 
an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more . 
it's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition . 
absolutely ( and unintentionally ) terrifying . 
eckstraordinarily lame and severely boring . 
eight legged freaks falls flat as a spoof . 
no matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way . 
you'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee's character didn't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery . 
'dragonfly' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . 
in his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter , silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls . 
blade ii has a brilliant director and charismatic star , but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation . 
veers uncomfortably close to pro-serb propaganda . 
staggeringly dreadful romance . 
movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation . how about surprising us by trying something new ? 
final verdict : you've seen it all before . 
throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material . 
if a few good men told us that we " can't handle the truth " than high crimes poetically states at one point in this movie that we " don't care about the truth . " 
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap . 
you'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy . 
the movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course . 
this will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things . 
a full-frontal attack on audience patience . 
any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of god are framed in a drama so clumsy , there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that bean abhors . 
it's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled . 
debut effort by " project greenlight " winner is sappy and amateurish . 
one gets the impression the creators of don't ask don't tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes . too bad none of it is funny . 
the cast has a high time , but de broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp . 
the film , like jimmy's routines , could use a few good laughs . 
the film has too many spots where it's on slippery footing , but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that's especially fit for the kiddies . 
purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging . oh , and more entertaining , too . 
 . . . in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who don't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes . 
though it was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by james spader and maggie gyllenhaal , i felt disrespected . 
well-made but mush-hearted . 
humor in i spy is so anemic . 
the film is strictly routine . 
a real snooze . 
skillful as he is , mr . shyamalan is undone by his pretensions . 
while the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched stephen norrington-directed predecessor , the new script by the returning david s . goyer is much sillier . 
in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , ballistic : ecks vs . sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase . 
it shares the first two films' loose-jointed structure , but laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between . 
the santa clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but i've got to give it thumbs down . 
you cannot guess why the cast and crew didn't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed . 
barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull . 
if you're really renting this you're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices , you're interested in anne geddes , john grisham , and thomas kincaid . 
we get the comedy we settle for . 
the uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them . 
two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning . 
a word of advice to the makers of the singles ward : celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs . and neither do cliches , no matter how 'inside' they are . 
the campy results make mel brooks' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated . 
its appeal will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists . 
the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork . 
cherish would've worked a lot better had it been a short film . 
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney . . . take your pick . all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new . 
hey arnold ! is now stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation . still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett's story is appealing . 
true to its title , it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at . 
doesn't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago . 
the plot is paper-thin and the characters aren't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours . 
kaufman's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious . 
the film didn't move me one way or the other , but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due . 
queen of the damned is too long with too little going on . 
it collapses when mr . taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller's rush . 
any film that doesn't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss . 
 . . . blade ii is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves . 
the rules of attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing . 
though there are many tense scenes in trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful . 
in this film we at least see a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian . 
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core . 
no surprises . 
you have once again entered the bizarre realm where director adrian lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal . 
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : there's very little hustling on view . 
this director's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera . 
characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle . 
the venezuelans say things like " si , pretty much " and " por favor , go home " when talking to americans . that's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of " dragonfly . " 
it's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin' out loud . if that doesn't clue you in that something's horribly wrong , nothing will . 
director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glumly mishandle the story's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself . 
it's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 . 
like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
as pedestrian as they come . 
a film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen . 
it's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary . 
put it somewhere between sling blade and south of heaven , west of hell in the pantheon of billy bob's body of work . 
more intellectually scary than dramatically involving . 
an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle . 
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture can't quite conceal that there's nothing resembling a spine here . 
as saccharine as it is disposable . 
you come away thinking not only that kate isn't very bright , but that she hasn't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another . 
the metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery . 
very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all . 
too much power , not enough puff . 
the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show . 
it's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor's cartoonish performance and the film's ill-considered notion that hitler's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances . 
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains . . . crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential . 
muddled , trashy and incompetent
for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league . 
narc is all menace and atmosphere . 
though excessively tiresome , the uncertainty principle , as verbally pretentious as the title may be , has its handful of redeeming features , as long as you discount its ability to bore . 
despite juliet stevenon's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs . 
it's tough to be startled when you're almost dozing . 
his [nelson's] screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it . 
it's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead . 
a terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving . 
there are many definitions of 'time waster' but this movie must surely be one of them . 
as it stands , crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster's path of destruction . 
the thing looks like a made-for-home-video quickie . 
enigma is well-made , but it's just too dry and too placid . 
